readme.md, before:

## Laravel 4 & AngularJS Starter Site
This is a starter website for Laravel 4 & AngularJS projects where Laravel 4 manages an API back-end and AngularJS manages the user interface. This project is also outfitted with composer, bower and grunt to automate development.
### Packages

#### Composer Packages
* [Ardent](https://github.com/laravelbook/ardent)
    * Self-validating smart models for Laravel Framework 4's Eloquent O/RM.
* [Laravel 4 Generators](https://github.com/JeffreyWay/Laravel-4-Generators/blob/master/readme.md)
    * This Laravel 4 package provides a variety of generators to speed up your development process.
* [Presenter](https://github.com/robclancy/presenter)
    * Presenter is a very simply class that overloads methods and variables so that you can add extra logic to your objects or arrays without adding view logic to areas like your models or controllers and also keeps any extra logic our of your views.
* [Entrust](https://github.com/zizaco/entrust)
    * Entrust provides a flexible way to add Role-based Permissions to Laravel 4.
* [Laravel-ide-helper](https://github.com/barryvdh/laravel-ide-helper)
    * This packages generates a file that your IDE can understand, so it can provide accurate auto-completion.

#### Bower Packages
* [AngularJS](http://angularjs.org)
    * AngularJS lets you write client-side web applications as if you had a smarter browser.
* [UI-Bootstrap](http://angular-ui.github.io/bootstrap/)
    *  Native AngularJS directives based on Twitter Bootstrap's markup and CSS
* [Yeti](http://bootswatch.com/yeti)
    * Twitter Bootstrap Theme

#### Grunt Packages
* [grunt-contrib-less](https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-less)
    * Compile LESS files to CSS.
* [grunt-contrib-cssmin](https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-cssmin)
    * Compress CSS files.
* [grunt-contrib-copy](https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-copy)
    * Copy files and folders.
* [grunt-contrib-clean](https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-clean)
    * Clean files and folders.
* [grunt-contrib-concat](https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-concat)
    * Concatenate files.
* [grunt-contrib-uglify](https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-uglify)
    * Minify files with UglifyJS.
* [grunt-contrib-watch](https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-watch)
    * Run predefined tasks whenever watched file patterns are added, changed or deleted.
### Installation

#### Requirements
    PHP >= 5.3.7
    NodeJS
    Bower
	Grunt
	Composer

If you haven't already, you might want to make [composer be installed globally](http://andrewelkins.com/programming/php/setting-up-composer-globally-for-laravel-4/) for future ease of use.

Please note the use of the `--dev` flag.
Some packages used for ease of development are required on the development environment.

When you deploy your project on a production environment you will want to upload the ***composer.lock*** file used on the development environment and only run `php composer.phar install` on the production server.
This will skip the development packages and ensure the version of the packages installed on the production server match those you developped on.

NEVER run `php composer.phar update` on your production server.

#### Step 1: Install dependencies

    composer install --dev
    npm install
    bower install
    grunt

If you have issues using npm install use the code below

    npm install --no-bin-links

#### Step 2: Configure Environments

Laravel 4 will load configuration files depending on your environment. Basset will also build collections depending on this environment setting.

Open ***bootstrap/start.php*** and edit the following lines to match your settings. You want to be using your machine name in Windows and your hostname in OS X and Linux (type `hostname` in terminal). Using the machine name will allow the `php artisan` command to use the right configuration files as well.

    $env = $app->detectEnvironment(array(

        'local' => array('your-local-machine-name'),
        'staging' => array('your-staging-machine-name'),
        'production' => array('your-production-machine-name'),

    ));

Now create the folder inside ***app/config*** that corresponds to the environment the code is deployed in. This will most likely be ***local*** when you first start a project.

You will now be copying the initial configuration file inside this folder before editing it. Let's start with ***app/config/app.php***. So ***app/config/local/app.php*** will probably look something like this, as the rest of the configuration can be left to their defaults from the initial config file:

    <?php

    return array(

        'url' => 'http://myproject.local',

        'timezone' => 'UTC',

        'key' => 'YourSecretKey!!!',

        'providers' => array(

        [... Removed ...]

        /* Uncomment for use in development */
    //     'Way\Generators\GeneratorsServiceProvider', // Generators
    //     'Barryvdh\LaravelIdeHelper\IdeHelperServiceProvider', // IDE Helpers

        ),

    );

#### Step 3: Configure Database

Now that you have the environment configured, you need to create a database configuration for it. Copy the file ***app/config/database.php*** in ***app/config/local*** and edit it to match your local database settings. You can remove all the parts that you have not changed as this configuration file will be loaded over the initial one.

#### Step 4: Configure Mailer

In the same fashion, copy the ***app/config/mail.php*** configuration file in ***app/config/local/mail.php***. Now set the `address` and `name` from the `from` array in ***config/mail.php***. Those will be used to send account confirmation and password reset emails to the users.
If you don't set that registration will fail because it cannot send the confirmation email.

#### Step 5: Populate Database
Run these commands to create and populate Users table:

	php artisan migrate
	php artisan db:seed

#### Step 6: Make sure app/storage is writable by your web server.

If permissions are set correctly:

    chmod -R 775 app/storage

Should work, if not try

    chmod -R 777 app/storage

### Laravel 4 & AngularJS E2E secured SPA

Link to the article: http://blog.neoxia.com/laravel4-and-angularjs/

### Licensing

The MIT License (MIT)
Copyright (c) 2014 Benjamin Katznelson

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Updated readme.md, valid html5

readme.md, after:

## Laravel 4 & AngularJS Starter Site
This is a starter website for Laravel 4 & AngularJS projects where Laravel 4 manages an API back-end and AngularJS manages the user interface. This project is also outfitted with composer, bower and grunt to automate development.
### Packages

#### Composer Packages
* [Ardent](https://github.com/laravelbook/ardent)
    * Self-validating smart models for Laravel Framework 4's Eloquent O/RM.
* [Laravel 4 Generators](https://github.com/JeffreyWay/Laravel-4-Generators/blob/master/readme.md)
    * This Laravel 4 package provides a variety of generators to speed up your development process.
* [Presenter](https://github.com/robclancy/presenter)
    * Presenter is a very simply class that overloads methods and variables so that you can add extra logic to your objects or arrays without adding view logic to areas like your models or controllers and also keeps any extra logic our of your views.
* [Entrust](https://github.com/zizaco/entrust)
    * Entrust provides a flexible way to add Role-based Permissions to Laravel 4.
* [Laravel-ide-helper](https://github.com/barryvdh/laravel-ide-helper)
    * This packages generates a file that your IDE can understand, so it can provide accurate auto-completion.

#### Bower Packages
* [AngularJS](http://angularjs.org)
    * AngularJS lets you write client-side web applications as if you had a smarter browser.
* [UI-Bootstrap](http://angular-ui.github.io/bootstrap/)
    *  Native AngularJS directives based on Twitter Bootstrap's markup and CSS
* [Yeti](http://bootswatch.com/yeti)
    * Twitter Bootstrap Theme

#### Grunt Packages
* [grunt-contrib-less](https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-less)
    * Compile LESS files to CSS.
* [grunt-contrib-cssmin](https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-cssmin)
    * Compress CSS files.
* [grunt-contrib-copy](https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-copy)
    * Copy files and folders.
* [grunt-contrib-clean](https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-clean)
    * Clean files and folders.
* [grunt-contrib-concat](https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-concat)
    * Concatenate files.
* [grunt-contrib-uglify](https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-uglify)
    * Minify files with UglifyJS.
* [grunt-contrib-watch](https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-watch)
    * Run predefined tasks whenever watched file patterns are added, changed or deleted.
### Installation

#### Requirements
    PHP >= 5.3.7
    NodeJS
    Bower
	Grunt
	Composer

If you haven't already, you might want to make [composer be installed globally](http://andrewelkins.com/programming/php/setting-up-composer-globally-for-laravel-4/) for future ease of use.

Please note the use of the `--dev` flag.
Some packages used for ease of development are required on the development environment.

When you deploy your project on a production environment you will want to upload the ***composer.lock*** file used on the development environment and only run `php composer.phar install` on the production server.
This will skip the development packages and ensure the version of the packages installed on the production server match those you developped on.

NEVER run `php composer.phar update` on your production server.

#### Step 1: Install dependencies

    composer install --dev
    npm install
    bower install
    grunt

If you have issues using npm install use the code below

    npm install --no-bin-links

#### Step 2: Configure Environments

Laravel 4 will load configuration files depending on your environment. Basset will also build collections depending on this environment setting.

Open ***bootstrap/start.php*** and edit the following lines to match your settings. You want to be using your machine name in Windows and your hostname in OS X and Linux (type `hostname` in terminal). Using the machine name will allow the `php artisan` command to use the right configuration files as well.

    $env = $app->detectEnvironment(array(

        'local' => array('your-local-machine-name'),
        'staging' => array('your-staging-machine-name'),
        'production' => array('your-production-machine-name'),

    ));

Now create the folder inside ***app/config*** that corresponds to the environment the code is deployed in. This will most likely be ***local*** when you first start a project.

You will now be copying the initial configuration file inside this folder before editing it. Let's start with ***app/config/app.php***. So ***app/config/local/app.php*** will probably look something like this, as the rest of the configuration can be left to their defaults from the initial config file:

    <?php

    return array(

        'url' => 'http://myproject.local',

        'timezone' => 'UTC',

        'key' => 'YourSecretKey!!!',

        'providers' => array(

        [... Removed ...]

        /* Uncomment for use in development */
    //     'Way\Generators\GeneratorsServiceProvider', // Generators
    //     'Barryvdh\LaravelIdeHelper\IdeHelperServiceProvider', // IDE Helpers

        ),

    );

#### Step 3: Configure Database

Now that you have the environment configured, you need to create a database configuration for it. Copy the file ***app/config/database.php*** in ***app/config/local*** and edit it to match your local database settings. You can remove all the parts that you have not changed as this configuration file will be loaded over the initial one.

#### Step 4: Configure Mailer

In the same fashion, copy the ***app/config/mail.php*** configuration file in ***app/config/local/mail.php***. Now set the `address` and `name` from the `from` array in ***config/mail.php***. Those will be used to send account confirmation and password reset emails to the users.
If you don't set that registration will fail because it cannot send the confirmation email.

#### Step 5: Populate Database
Run these commands to create and populate Users table:

	php artisan migrate
	php artisan db:seed

#### Step 6: Make sure app/storage is writable by your web server.

If permissions are set correctly:

    chmod -R 775 app/storage

Should work, if not try

    chmod -R 777 app/storage

### Laravel 4 & AngularJS E2E secured SPA

Link to the article: http://blog.neoxia.com/laravel4-and-angularjs/

### Changes
This updates code that was deprecated in the original fork, to support
* AngularJS v1.2
* Laravel v4.1.26+

All custom javascript is jshint clean, which prevents a bug, cleaned from the original fork.
All HTML is now valid HTML5

Most importantly, AngularJS's ui-router properly displays login page partials at
the top. 
Canned links in the bottom Twitter Bootstrap boilerplate still do nothing, and
likely never were intended to.

### Licensing

The MIT License (MIT)
Copyright (c) 2014 Bruce Ingalls & Benjamin Katznelson

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
